= Workyard Labs - Consulting =

:workyard:consulting:cleanup:

== What I Do ==

== How I Charge For It ==

== Marketing Plan ==

=== Client Overview ===
==== Who Is My Main Client ====
==== Where Do They Live? ====

== Client Tactics ==

- Testimonials for Discount

=== Initial Clients ===

- EVERYONE I know
- 

== Legal ==

=== What Do My Contracts Look Like ===



what do I naturally gravitate to?
- outdoors, hunting, backpacking
- programming and esp. infrastructure
- music
- leatherwork

Would I do it without getting paid?

= Starting Tasks =

1. Find my skill
2. Master my craft - know enough to be dangerous, knowledgeble, know more than them, take them from less to more desirable
3. Find where the customer is - facebook groups, reddit, other forums become a member and give amazing advice. Lots of answers - 10-15 people a day.
4. Provide services for discount to get testimonial - needs to be an exchange of value - wantnt a track record
5. Take some of the profits, invest in adwords, facebook ads - automate the funnel
6. everything can be done without a website.


= Fee Structures =

== hourly ==

- pro: they're easy to work with
- con: client and consultant are no longer aligned - clock is always ticking
- con: there is a real ceiling - con only earn more by working more

== Daily ==

- pro: also easy to work with
- con: same as hourly - can only earn more by working more

Can possibly grow by managing others 

== Retainer ==

- pro: more stable income, but they can certainly stop
- con: client starts to treat you more like an employee and less than a consultant
- this can work if it's an advisory role and not technical

== Project ==

This is a good direction to take. However, don't just count the hours.

- pro: typically a larger payment and NOT hourly
- con: if calculating hourly, you still have the cap problems of Hourly

== ROI Based == 

Paid by on how well this works. 

- pro: a lot more leverage - you can charge 50k for a small number of hours e.g.
- con: some peolpe view it as being difficult, however this needs some finese



= Products =

= Contracts and Legal =
