# Making a Canoe

:cleanup:boat-building:canoe:

* Tasks
** NOTE Formula for canoe capacity                                    

 All measurements in feet:

 capacity (pounds) = L x W x 10
** TODO simple canoe stands [[http://buildersforum.bearmountainboats.com/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=4476][link]] 
** TODO Remove payment for roku!  
   SCHEDULED: <2019-07-10 Wed>
** TODO canoe gear can be found here - good for designs? [[https://kondosoutdoors.com/shop/canoe-gear/][link]] 
** TODO A decent looking, possibly fitting, canoe [[http://www.hornbeckboats.com/boats_nt_12.php][link]] 
* Old Town Discovery 119
SPECS:

    Length: 11’9”
    Maximum weight capacity: 450- 500 lbs.
    Boat weight: 49 lbs.
    Width: 32.5”
    Width at 4” waterline: 31”
    Bow height: 19”
    Depth: 13.5”

This might be the berfect size for me in the apartment. Maybe a little rounder with
less bow. Or similar.

check to see how well this conforms to the pack canoe in my building thinger as well as in
the books I'm picking up now.

Compare to:

- stonefly
- wee lassie
- canvas canoe bulding book
- kevlar canoe building book

Can this be made in a fuselage frame? Only one way to find out!

* test frame. 

Make a small frame that is the dimensions of the canoe. Cover with cheap cardboard.

Use this to see if it will go in and out of the apartment.



Honestly, with this capacity I might be good for everything I generally need for canoe
trips, fishing, and hunting.


WAIT! I can dsign to a certain level if I want!

- what freeboard do I want
- how deep to I want it to run
- how to I want it to handle?
- bazinga!


e.g. at 4" waterline...

I want a capacity of 450 pounds. The general formula for capacity in pounds is:

Cap = L x W * 15



* Swift Keewaydin 14

L = 14
W = 28
Waterline W = 25
D = 11.5
Bow height 18
Stern height 15
Bow rocker 2"
Stern rocker 1"

Optimal load - 120-260
Industry Capacity - 400

